docs: add qwik's downside (#2317)
BuilderIO/qwik: packages/docs/src/routes/docs/faq/index.mdx

## Is Qwik open source?

Yes, [MIT](https://github.com/BuilderIO/qwik/blob/main/LICENSE) and [dependency-free](https://github.com/BuilderIO/qwik/blob/main/packages/qwik/package.json), installing Qwik will not bloat your node_modules nor your lawyers.

> # Does Qwik have any downside?

Author: ```suggestion
# Does Qwik have any downsides?
```

Yes. Every framework, possessing its own strengths and weaknesses, involves a trade off.

> 1. As a relative newcomer to the JS world, Qwik has yet to develop a community of libraries and best practices.

Reviewer: I would change this to:

1. As a relatively new JS framework, Qwik's community and ecosystem are still under development and while growing rapidly, you might not find yet ALL the possible community projects, patterns and best practices you're used to from more popular frameworks.

> 1. As a relative newcomer to the JS world, Qwik has yet to develop a community of libraries and best practices.

Author: ```suggestion
1. As a relatively new JS framework, Qwik's community and ecosystem are still under development and while growing rapidly, you might not find yet ALL the possible community projects, patterns and best practices you're used to from more popular frameworks.
```

> 2. Qwik’s magic lies in its serialization, but this also brings about some limitations developers wouldn’t otherwise have to consider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Qwik’s magic lies in its serialization, but this also brings about some considrations developers wouldn’t otherwise have to be mindful of.
```

Feels best to call this "considerations" vs "limitations". Esp large companies will be wary of "limits" in qwik, which imo in a worst case scenario Qwik operates just like the current status quo of frameworks. It's not a "limit" to the framework imo, aka you should never find a case where you use Qwik and say "oh it has limits that are a problem for our business so we need to migrate off", but instead things to consider (esp around serialization), esp when you want the best possible perf benefit

Author: ```suggestion
2. Qwik’s magic lies in its serialization, but this also brings about some considerations developers wouldn’t otherwise have to be mindful of.
```

Author: That's true. And I correct "considrations" to "considerations" :)

> 2. Qwik’s magic lies in its serialization, but this also brings about some considerations developers wouldn’t otherwise have to be mindful of.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Qwik’s core idea is lazy-loading as much as possible, which sometimes requires developers to restart the dev server to preview changes.

Reviewer 2: ah yes this sounds like a bug - @TejasQ hit this too it sounded like from his great youtube vid

Author: OK I'll remove this line!

> 3. Qwik’s core idea is lazy-loading as much as possible, which sometimes requires developers to restart the dev server to preview changes.

Reviewer 2: @manucorporat what do you think of something along these lines

```suggestion
3. Where Qwik outperforms most frameworks is on initial page load. If your use case is an SPA, and any level of server side or static rendering is not a need or interest of yours, Qwik may not offer a huge benefit to you
```

there may be better words - but trying to get at today those who likely _need_ Qwik are "conversion-driven" businesses - aka sites whose initial page load must be lightening fast. For heavy SPAs, Qwik can still have benefits, but marginally less drastic of them. So maybe worth calling out

> 3. Where Qwik outperforms most frameworks is on initial page load. If your use case is an SPA, and any level of server side or static rendering is not a need or interest of yours, Qwik may not offer a huge benefit to you

Reviewer: I would update this to - 

Qwik can load JS apps of any scale - instantly, so its main advantage over current technologies is on initial page load and time to interactive. If your use case is a single page app and you don't mind the time it takes your app to load, adopting Qwik at this stage might not offer you immediate benefits

> Despite these drawbacks, we are sure Qwik’s usability will improve with time thanks to our active community. Stay tuned! 

Reviewer: Would update to:

We are constantly working on improving the developer experience and capabilities to make Qwik delightful to use for any use case, so stay tuned.

> Despite these drawbacks, we are sure Qwik’s usability will improve with time thanks to our active community. Stay tuned! 

Author: We are constantly working on improving the developer experience and capabilities to make Qwik delightful to use for any use case, so stay tuned.

> Despite these drawbacks, we are sure Qwik’s usability will improve with time thanks to our active community. Stay tuned! 

Author: ```suggestion
We are constantly working on improving the developer experience and capabilities to make Qwik delightful to use for any use case, so stay tuned.
```
